boys and their toys even 30
take a look at this undercarriage
this thing was meant to do this baby
have fun
dirty rich except the only asphalt fixer
room that my friends was a clean air
filter when I started was like that he
got taken home reading sit off a couple
times I need an air bro you're good or
something though blow this off
figure it out yep
thirty gonna care look like yeah
classical bag the bathroom it's running
a little rich for some reason I don't
know why right we had fun
hey what's up slide her back with
another review just doing some simple
reviews on my vehicles just to give you
an idea what the holiday is coming up
maybe somebody wants to purchase one
little up in the air about what they
want they want to make monster truck now
I'm gonna do one on my Slayer is the
Traxxas Slayer 3.3 throw 2.4 gigahertz
when I got it it was the older 2.4 it's
about this trucks about 2 years old just
went through an entire rebuild on it
added the sway bar kid line did so and
had to put a new carburetor and in air
intake tube on it but other than that
it's been a very very strong truck I
haven't broken anything other than some
spur gears and a motor mount and that
was some bad jumps so that's what tore
up the carburetor spur gear tarpor
carburetor I'm gonna take this off just
got done rebuilding it to clean it up as
you can see I got a cleaned up pretty
well in my eyes anyway got all the dirt
out of it and it's been a great truck I
love this truck it's a lot of fun and
so give you a little close-up here we're
out those tires probably just for
adjustment again this was my first nitro
vehicle
there's the sway bar kit that I just
added
it's got waterproof servos on it I did
have a throttle servo go bad on me I'm
glad I had one on me of the day I went
dad not a big deal the motor mount as I
said before it did get me issues I did
replace it not that big of a deal wasn't
that expensive the spur gear is in there
there you go
you can see it's very very very tight
tolerances regarding the spur gear and
that intake and when the engine mount
bent and then broke it just bent it
right into the carburetor and tore up
the carburetor I ran it for a little
while like that it didn't hurt motor I
took the motor apart as you can see in
one of my other videos and there was no
indication that any dirt got down inside
of it just took a dremel tool and
polished up the exhaust because it
needed it not the major likes I just
took it sort completely down to get a
little bit of an idea of how to replace
things and I'm a big believer in kits
and I wish more vehicles were available
in kids but I understand how the market
works you can see there it's all cleaned
up
but it's been a great truck I love love
running this I don't have another video
of this truck just because I had so much
fun I just don't have time as a downer
don't really I'm not there on time I
don't sit down and think about videos
because I just want to have fun with
this truck so what I'm gonna start doing
trying to get more now that I got it
back together with the sway bar kit
involved and got the engine back running
I'm going to sit down and try to get
more videos with this truck will show
how much fun it is it is a blast from
the Nitro I look and this is my first
nitro truck just a great great fun time
I was out of the hobby for 15 years and
got back into it with this particular
truck and what a great great purchase
this was not trying to sell vehicles for
Traxxas because they do that by
themselves but like I say they they do
their research properly and this was a
really really good truck loved every
minute of it and I'm sure that the slash
nitro two-wheel drive is just as much
fun this is a four-wheel drive vehicle
so but short course nitro I wish I saw
more of these out there because they're
just the last cool so yeah great truck
love it and maybe someone might be
considering my for the holidays for
somebody special maybe a husband
boyfriend son maybe even a daughter and
my daughter has a 1/16 summit it loves
it so okay
thanks for watching